chore: documentation (#18)
liftedinit/manifest-ledger: README.md

While PoA offers immediate stability and control, the Manifest Network aspires for greater decentralization. The future roadmap includes evolving towards a Proof of Stake (PoS) network, utilizing the underlying CometBft consensus mechanism inherent in the Cosmos SDK.

## Table of Contents

- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [Installation](#install--run)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Helper](#helper)
- [Modules](./MODULE.md)
- [Validators](./network/manifest-1/POST_GENESIS.md)
- [Multi Sig Guide](./network/manifest-1/MULTI_SIG.md)
- [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Security/Bug Reporting](./SECURITY.md)

## System Requirements

**Minimal**

- 4 GB RAM
- 100 GB SSD
- 3.2 x4 GHz CPU

**Recommended**

- 8 GB RAM
- 100 GB NVME SSD
- 4.2 GHz x6 CPU

**Software Dependencies**

1. The Go programming language - <https://go.dev/>
2. Git distributed version control - <https://git-scm.com/>
3. Docker - <https://www.docker.com/get-started/>
4. GNU Make - <https://www.gnu.org/software/make/>

**Operating System**

> - Linux (x86_64) or Linux (amd64) Recommended Arch Linux

Reviewer: Isn't `x86_64` and `amd64` the same thing?

Reviewer 2: yea, BSD systems use amd64 and macOS uses x86_64. But yea they are pretty much the same thing. I assume this is a typo for arm64 (which we also support)

Reviewer 2: changed to arm64

**Arch Linux:**

```
pacman -S go git gcc make
```

**Ubuntu Linux:**

```
sudo snap install go --classic
sudo apt-get install git gcc make jq
```

## Install & Run

Clone the repository from GitHub and enter the directory:

```bash
    git clone https://github.com/liftedinit/manifest-ledger.git
    cd manifest-ledger
```

Then run:

```bash
    make install
    mv $GOPATH/bin/manifestd /usr/local/bin
    manifestd
```

## Testing

There are various make commands to run tests for the modules with custom implementations

**To test the Proof of Authority implementation run:**

```bash
make ictest-poa
```

**To test the Token Factory implementation run:**

```bash
make ictest-tokenfactory
```

**To test the Manifest module which includes inflation changes run:**

```bash
make ictest-manifest
```

**To test the IBC implementation run:**

```bash

> make ictest-ibc

Reviewer: Doesn't work as-is.

```
cd interchaintest && go test -race -v -run TestPOA . -count=1
go: downloading golang.org/x/net v0.21.0
=== RUN   TestPOA
    logger.go:130: 2024-03-18T10:05:56.280-0400 INFO    Using embedded configured chains
    logger.go:130: 2024-03-18T10:05:57.225-0400 ERROR   Failed to pull image    {"error": "Error response from daemon: pull access denied for manifest, repository does not exist or may require 'docker login': denied: requested access to the resource is denied", "repository": "manifest", "tag": "local"}
    interchain_builder.go:114: 
                Error Trace:    /home/fmorency/go1.22.1/bin/pkg/mod/github.com/strangelove-ventures/interchaintest/v8@v8.1.0/interchain_builder.go:114
                                                        /home/fmorency/go1.22.1/bin/pkg/mod/github.com/strangelove-ventures/interchaintest/v8@v8.1.0/interchain_builder.go:130
                                                        /home/fmorency/dev/manifest-ledger/interchaintest/poa_test.go:37
                Error:          Received unexpected error:
                                failed to create faucet accounts: failed to create common account with name faucet: failed to create key with name "faucet" on chain poa: image manifest:local: pull image manifest:local: Error response from daemon: pull access denied for manifest, repository does not exist or may require 'docker login': denied: requested access to the resource is denied
                Test:           TestPOA
    setup.go:210: Pruned 2 volumes, reclaiming approximately 0.0 MB
    setup.go:242: Pruned unused networks: [interchaintest-elsgjhba]
--- FAIL: TestPOA (2.26s)
FAIL
FAIL    github.com/liftedinit/manifest-ledger/interchaintest    2.756s
FAIL
make: *** [Makefile:108: ictest-poa] Error 1
```

Reviewer 2: note: need to add `make local-image` to this example before running e2e test

Reviewer 2: added make local-image to the install commands, make ictest-* will work now

cd manifest-ledger
```

Then run:

```bash
# build the base binary for interaction
make install
mv $GOPATH/bin/manifestd /usr/local/bin
manifestd

# build docker image for e2e testing
make local-image
```

## Testing

There are various make commands to run tests for the modules with custom implementations

**To test the Proof of Authority implementation run:**

```bash
make ictest-poa
```

**To test the Token Factory implementation run:**

```bash
make ictest-tokenfactory
```

**To test the Manifest module which includes inflation changes run:**

```bash
make ictest-manifest
```

**To test the IBC implementation run:**

```bash
make ictest-ibc
```

## Helper

There are scripts for testing, installing, and initializing. Use this section to help you navigate the various scripts and their use cases.

#### Manifest Module script

`scripts/manifest_testing.sh`

This is a script to assist with configuring and testing the inflation and stakeholders. To better understand the script and what exactly it is testing please refer to the [Manifest Module](#manifest-module) section.

#### Node Initialization script

`scripts/test_node.sh`

> This is a script to assist with intializing and configuring a node. Ensure you properly congigure the environment variables within the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a script to assist with initializing and configuring a node. Ensure you properly configure the environment variables within the script.
```
